 END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
 
This End User License Agreement (hereafter "the Agreement")
is a legal agreement between you and EIZO CORPORATION
(hereafter "the Company") of the software product (hereafter
"the Software") specified in Provision 1 of the Agreement.
By installing the Software, you are agreeing to be bound by
these terms and conditions in the Agreement.  If you do not
agree with these terms and conditions, please do not install,
copy or use the Software.
 
1. DEFINITION: The Software in the Agreement includes
   a program or a data file made and provided by the
   Company, and may include associated media, printed
   materials and any online or electronic documentation,
   all of which are provided by the Company.
 
2. GRANT OF LICENSE: The Company grants to you a
   non-exclusive right to use the Software on an unlimited
   number of personal computers provided that you remain
   responsible for the compliance of each user with the
   terms and conditions hereof.  The Company reserves
   all rights not expressly granted under the Agreement.
 
3. OWNERSHIP OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY:
   The Company retains all rights, title and ownership to
   the Software,and the copyright and any other intellectual
   properties concerning the Software.
    
4. COPY RESTRICTIONS: You may not copy the Software,
   except that you may make a single copy of the Software
   for your own backup or archival purposes only.  You
   may not use the backup copy for any purpose other than
   reinstalling the Software in the computer mentioned
   Yin Provision 2.  You are held legally responsible for any
   copying or copyright infringement which is caused or
   encouraged by your failure to abide by the terms of
   this restriction.
   
5. TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS: You may not allow the
   Software to be used by anyone else through transfer,
   rent, lease or any other means, whether with compensation
   or not, without the prior written consent of the Company.
   
6. MODIFICATION AND REVERSE ENGINEERING
   RESTRICTIONS:  You may not reverse engineer,
   disassemble, decompile, modify, adapt, translate,
   or create derivative works based on the Software, delete
   or modify the intellectual property mark in the Software
   without the prior written consent of the Company.
   
7. TERMINATION: This Agreement is effective until terminated.
   The Agreement will terminate automatically, without notice
   from the Company and become null and void if you fail to
   comply with any provisions of the Agreement.  Upon
   termination, the Company may request you to destroy the
   Software and all copies of the Software.  In addition to,
   or instead of the request mentioned above, the Company may
   request you to destroy the Software and all request mentioned
   above, the Company may claim damages against you.
   
8. LIMITED WARRANTY: The Company disclaims all
   warranties, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, including 
   without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, 
   fitness for a particular purpose, and nonexistence of virus
   with respect to the Software.
   
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: In no event, shall the Company
   be liable for any incidental, indirect, special or damages
   consequential damages (including, without limitation, 
   damages for loss of business profit, business interruption,
   loss of business information, or any other pecuniary loss)
   arising out of the use or inability to use the Software or in
   any connection with the Software, except that such damages
   are caused by the Company's intention or gross negligence.
 
10. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION:
    (1)  This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with
          the laws of Japan.
    (2)  Any legal action to enforce or interpret the terms of
          this Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the 
          Tokyo District Court,Tokyo, Japan.